BookB-Pset_GeoScienceModelCommon (#631)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/a/Author_1oQcJRV0j0WhD1ng6TcHzF/Documentation.md

> Name of the author(s), according to ISO 19115 terminology .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>NOTE Definition according to ISO 19115: Name of the author(s).
```

Reviewer 2: Proposed change is fine
